<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_z2j_r4y_wj">
  <title>Configuration and startup of cluster mode</title>
  <body>
    <p><b>Instruction：</b>
    </p>
    <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;(1) This section will introduce the steps of configuration and startup by taking
      highly accessible deployment as an example. </p>
    <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;(2) The follpwing steps is based on the fact that SequoiaDB is installed under the
      catalog "/opt/sequoiadb".</p>
    <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;(3) All of "sdb" service processes run as "sdbadmin", please ensure all of the database files
      have the "sdbadmin" read and write permission.</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Step 1: Check the configuration service status of SequoiaDB.<p>Check the configuration
          service status of SequoiaDB in each database server:  service sdbcm status </p><p>If the
          system prompts "sdbcm is running", we can know that service is running, or please run the
          following command to reconfigurate service program: service sdbcm start</p></li>
      <li>Step 2: start one coord node <p>1.switch to
          "sdbadmin"<codeblock>su sdbadmin </codeblock></p><p>2.On any database server (the
          following steps are manipulated on this server), create the coord node configuration
          catalog</p><p><codeblock>mkdir -p /opt/sequoiadb/conf/local/11810</codeblock> Here "11810"
          is the service port of coord node. It can be set according to requirement. </p><p>3.Copy
          sample configuration file of coord node</p><p>
          <codeblock>cp /opt/sequoiadb/conf/samples/sdb.conf.coord  /opt/sequoiadb/conf/local/11810/sdb.conf</codeblock>
        </p><p>4.Alter configuration file</p><p>
          <codeblock>vi /opt/sequoiadb/conf/local/11810/sdb.conf</codeblock>
        </p><p>Alter content </p><p>
          <codeblock># database path           </codeblock>
        </p><p><codeblock>dbpath=/opt/sequoiadb/database/coord      </codeblock>This is the path of
          database. It can be changed according ot requirement. Please ensure that the path exists
          (Please create manually if it does't exsit.)</p><p>5.Type in ":wq" to save and
          exit</p><p>6.Create path that stores data
          file</p><p><codeblock>mkdir -p /opt/sequoiadb/database/coord </codeblock>The path is the
          path in previous step </p><p>7.Start coord node process</p><p>
          <codeblock>/opt/sequoiadb/bin/sdbstart -c /opt/sequoiadb/conf/local/11810/</codeblock>
        </p></li>
      <li>Step 3: Configurate and start catalog nodes with statements<p>1.Start SequoiaDB Shell
          console on the physical machine of coord node</p><p>
          <codeblock>/opt/sequoiadb/bin/sdb</codeblock>
        </p><p>2.Connect to coord node </p><p>Input in shell:
          <codeblock>> var db = new Sdb("localhost",11810)</codeblock> Here "11810" is the service
          port of coord node. </p><p>3.Create a catalog node group</p><p>
          <codeblock>>db.createCataRG("sdbserver1", 11800, "/opt/sequoiadb/database/cata/11800")</codeblock>
        </p><p>Here "sdbserver1" is the hostname of the 1st server.</p><p>Here "11800" is the
          service port of catalog node. (The port is configured not to conflict with a random port, other ports in the following configuration also requires attention. </p><p>" /opt/sequoiadb/database/cata/11800" is the path of
          data file of catalog node.</p><p>4.Wait for 5 second, and add 2 more catalog nodes</p><p>
          <codeblock>>var cataRG = db.getRG("SYSCatalogGroup");      </codeblock>
        </p><p>
          <codeblock>>var node1 = cataRG.createNode("sdbserver2", 11800,"/opt/sequoiadb/database/cata/11800") </codeblock>
        </p><p>
          <codeblock>>var node2 = cataRG.createNode("sdbserver3", 11800,"/opt/sequoiadb/database/cata/11800")</codeblock>
        </p><p>5.Start catalog node group <codeblock>>node1.start()
>node2.start()</codeblock></p><p>
          <note>
            <p>When creating a node, the first parameter should be "hostname", rather than IP of the
              host.</p>
          </note>
        </p></li>
      <li>Step 4: Configurate and start data nodes with statements<p>1.Create data node group</p><p>
          <codeblock>>var dataRG = db.createRG("datagroup")</codeblock>
        </p><p>2.Add data node</p><p>
          <codeblock>>dataRG.createNode("sdbserver1", 11820, "/opt/sequoiadb/database/data/11820")   </codeblock>
        </p><p>
          <codeblock>>dataRG.createNode("sdbserver2", 11820,"/opt/sequoiadb/database/data/11820")</codeblock>
        </p><p>
          <codeblock>>dataRG.createNode("sdbserver3", 11820, "/opt/sequoiadb/database/data/11820")</codeblock>
        </p><note>
          <p>When creating a node, the first parameter should be "hostname", rather than IP of the
            host.</p>
        </note><p>3.Start data node group</p><p>
          <codeblock>>dataRG.start()</codeblock>
        </p><p>4.Exit SequoiaDB shell console</p><p>
          <codeblock>>quit</codeblock>
        </p></li>
      <li>Step 5: Start coord node on other 2 servers <p>1.Create configuration catalog of coord
          node</p><codeblock>mkdir -p /opt/sequoiadb/conf/local/11810      Here "11810" is the service port of coord node. It can be set according to requirement. </codeblock>
        <p>2.Copy sample configuration file of coord node</p><codeblock>cp /opt/sequoiadb/conf/samples/sdb.conf.coord  /opt/sequoiadb/conf/local/11810/sdb.conf</codeblock>
        <p>3.Alter configuration file</p><codeblock>vi /opt/sequoiadb/conf/local/11810/sdb.conf
Alter content
# database path
dbpath=/opt/sequoiadb/database/coord  This is the path of database. It can be changed according ot requirement. 
Please ensure that the path exists.(Please create manually if it does't exsit.)

the following line
# catalog addr (hostname1:servicename1,hostname2:servicename2,...)
#catalogaddr=
modify to
# catalog addr (hostname1:servicename1,hostname2:servicename2,...)
catalogaddr=sdbserver1:11803,sdbserver2:11803,sdbserver3:11803  This id the address and port of Catalog service.</codeblock>
        <p>4.Type in ":wq" to save and exit</p><p>5.Create path of data file</p><codeblock>mkdir -p /opt/sequoiadb/database/coord  This path is the one in previous step.</codeblock>
        <p>6.Start coord node
          process</p><codeblock>/opt/sequoiadb/bin/sdbstart -c /opt/sequoiadb/conf/local/11810/</codeblock><p>End</p>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </body>
</topic>
