<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_pt1_nxm_5n">
  <title>db.collectionspace.collection.split()</title>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>NAME</title>
      <p>split - At least two sharding groups environment,the data records will be cut into different
        sharding group according to the specified conditions.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SYNOPSIS</title>
      <p></p><apiname>db.collectionspace.collection.split</apiname>(<parmname>source group</parmname>,<parmname>target group</parmname>,<parmname>percent(0~100)|cond</parmname>,<parmname>[endcondition]</parmname>)
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>CATEGORY</title>
      <p></p>Collection
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>DESCRIPTION</title> 
      <p>At least two sharding groups environment,the data records will be cut into different
        sharding group according to the specified conditions.</p>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>source group (string)</pt>
          <pd>The source sharding group.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>target group (string)</pt>
          <pd>The target sharding group.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>cond (json object)</pt>
          <pd>Range split condition. (condition or percent.)</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>percent(0~100) (double)</pt>
          <pd>percent split condition. (condition or percent.)</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>endcondition (json object)</pt>
          <pd>End of the range condition. (Optional, and only in the conditional cut time-effective, time-sharing a percentage cut invalid.)
            <parml>
              <plentry>
                <pt>Format</pt>
                <pd>Data spliting is divided into range-spliting and percent-spliting,"source shard" and
                  "target shard"are common params,and are string type;the param "condition" and "endconditionis" filled when
                  range spliting,it is a object of json structure;param "percent" is filled when
                  percent-spliting,it is a int type.</pd>                
                <pd><b>range-splitingRange</b> Sharding use exact conditions when range-spliting, while Hash
                  Sharding use "Partition"(number of slices) conditions. The starting condition is a
                  required field and the ending condition is a optional condition when spliting, if the
                  ending condition doesn't fill, then it default as the max range of data that "source
                  shard" contains.</pd>
                <pd>("&lt;source shard>","&lt;target shard>"，&lt;condition>) </pd>                
                <pd><b>percent-spliting</b> db.foo.bar.split("&lt;source shard>","&lt;target shard>"，&lt;percent>)</pd>
              </plentry>              
            </parml>
            <note>The range of partition, if you specify the partition key fields such as when descending:{groupingKey:{&lt;field 1>:&lt;-1>,condition (or Partition) the starting 
            conditions range should be greater than the scope of the termination conditions.</note>
          </pd>
        </plentry>        
      </parml>      
    </section>    
    <section>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>Range-spliting of Hash Sharding</p>
        <codeblock>db.foo.bar.split("shard1", "shard2",{Partition:10},{Partition:20}) </codeblock>
      <p>Range-spliting of Range</p>
      Sharding<codeblock>db.foo.bar.split("shard1", "shard2",{a:10}, {a:10000})</codeblock>
      <p>Percent-spliting</p><codeblock>db.foo.bar.split("shard1", "shard2", 50) </codeblock>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
