<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_5y2_lvm_5n">
  <title>db.collectionspace.collection.upsert()</title>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>NAME</title>
      <p>upsert - Update collection records.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SYNOPSIS</title>
      <p></p><apiname>db.collectionspace.collection.upsert</apiname>(<parmname>rule</parmname>,<parmname>[cond]</parmname>,<parmname>[hint]</parmname>)
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>CATEGORY</title>
      <p></p>Collection
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>DESCRIPTION</title> 
      <p>Update collection records. The method "upsert" and the method "update" are used to update
        records. But when no records is matched according to the parameter "cond", "update" does nothing, but "upset" will insert
        data once.</p>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>rule (json object)</pt>
          <pd>Update rule. It will update record according to the value of "rule".</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>cond (json object)</pt>
          <pd>Selectable condition. When it is null, update all the records. If it is not null,
            update records that match the condition in "cond".</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>hint (json object)</pt>
          <pd>Specify visiting plan.
            <parml>
              <plentry>
                <pt>Format</pt>
                <pd>The method "upsert()" should contians the parameter "rule". The parameter "rule" is a json
                  object. The parameters "cond" and "hint" are selectable.The parameter
                  "cond" and "hint" are selectable. The parameter "hint" contains one json object that contains one field. The "name" in this field is ignored, but
                  the value specify the index to visit records. When the value is null, it will visit all the records in the collection. The format is "{"":null}" or
                  "{"":"&lt;indexname>"}".</pd>                
                <pd>{&lt;{""Update character 1"":{"Field name 1":"value"},"Update character 2":{"Field name 2":"value 2"},...}>,
                  [{"Field name 1":{"match 1":"value 1"},"field name 2":{"match 2":"value 2"},...}],[{"":"index name "|null}]}</pd>
              </plentry>
            </parml></pd>
        </plentry>        
      </parml>
      <note>
        <p>
          <ul>
            <li>"upsert" does not support this version of the table partitioning key(ShardingKey) segment updates, if you include the 
              partition key update operations to weed out automatically update the partition key, but other fields update to take effect, 
              and no error occurs.</li>
          </ul>
        </p>
      </note>
    </section>    
    <section>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>Supposing that there are 2 records in the collection "bar".</p>
      <codeblock>{
    "_id": {
      "$oid": "516a76a1c9565daf06030000"
    },
    "age": 10,
    "name": "Tom"
  }
  {
    "_id": {
      "$oid": "516a76a1c9565daf06050000"
    },
    "a": 10,
    "age": 21
    }</codeblock>
      <p>Update all the records according to the updating rule. That's to say, we merely set the
        value of "rule", but not "cond" or "hint".</p>
      <p>
        <codeblock>db.foo.bar.upsert({$inc:{age:1},$set:{name:"Mike"}})</codeblock>
      </p>
      <p>This operation is equivalent to that of the method "update()". It updates all the
        records in the collection ''bar". It adds 1 to the value of  "age" and changes the value
        of "name" into "Mike". If a record doesn't contain the field "name", "$set" will insert the field of "name"
        and its value into it and return with the method "find".</p>
      <codeblock> {
    "_id": {
      "$oid": "516a76a1c9565daf06030000"
    },
    "age": 11,
    "name": "Mike"
  }
  {
    "_id": {
      "$oid": "516a76a1c9565daf06050000"
    },
    "a": 10,
    "age": 22,
    "name":"Mike"
    }</codeblock>
      <p>Update all the records according to the updating rule. That's to say, we set the value
        of "rule",  "cond" and "hint".</p>
      <p>
        <codeblock>db.foo.bar.upsert({$inc:{age:3}},{type:{$exists:1}})</codeblock>
      </p>
      <p>This operation will update records that contains the field "type" in the collection
        "bar" and add 3 to the value of "age" in them. The 2 records above don't contain the
        field "type", so it will insert a new record. This new record contains only the field
        "_id" and the field "age". The value of "_id" is automatically generated by the system.
        The value of "age" is 23.
        <codeblock>{
    "_id": {
      "$oid": "516a76a1c9565daf06030000"
    },
    "age": 11,
    "name": "Mike"
  }
  {
    "_id": {
      "$oid": "516a76a1c9565daf06050000"
    },
    "a": 10,
    "age": 22,
    "name":"Mike"
  } 
{
  "_id": {
    "$oid": "516cfc334630a7f338c169b0"
  },
  "age": 3
  }</codeblock></p>
      <p>Update records according to visiting plan, supposing that the index name "testIndex"
        exists in the collection.</p>
      <codeblock>db.foo.bar.upsert({$inc:{age:1}},{age:{$gt:20}},{"":"testIndex"})></codeblock>
      <p>This operation is equal to that of "update". It visits records that contains the value
        of "age" greater than 20 through the index "testIndex" in collection "bar". Then it adds
        1 to the value of  the field "age" in these records. Then it returns:
        <codeblock> {
    "_id": {
      "$oid": "516a76a1c9565daf06050000"
    },
    "a": 10,
    "age": 23,
    "name":"Mike"
  } </codeblock></p>
    </section>
  </body>
  <related-links>
    <link href="cl.update.dita" format="dita" type="topic"></link>
  </related-links>
</topic>
