<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_4dn_mtm_5n">
  <title>db.collectionspace.collection.update()</title>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>NAME</title>
      <p>update - Update records in a collection.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SYNOPSIS</title>
      <p></p><apiname>db.collectionspace.collection.update</apiname>(<parmname>&lt;rule></parmname>,<parmname>[cond]</parmname>,<parmname>[hint]</parmname>)
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>CATEGORY</title>
      <p></p>Collection
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>DESCRIPTION</title> 
      <p>Update records in a collection.</p>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>rule (json object)</pt>
          <pd>Update rule. Records will be updated according the value of "rule".</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>cond (json object)</pt>
          <pd>Selecting condition. If it is null, update all the records. If it is not null, it
            will update records that match the condition.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>hint (json object)</pt>
          <pd>It specify the visiting plan by giving an index.
            <parml>
              <plentry>
                <pt>Format</pt>
                <pd>The method "update()" should contains the field "rule". It is a json object. The parameter
                  "cond" and "hint" are selectable. The parameter "hint" contains one json object that contains one field. The "name" in this field is ignored, but
                  the value specify the index to visit records. When the value is null, it will visit all the records in the collection. The format is "{"":null}" or
                  "{"":"&lt;indexname>"}".</pd>                
                <pd>{&lt;{""Update character 1"":{field name 1:"value"},"Update character 2":{"field name 2":"value 2"},...}>,
                  [{"field name 1":{"match 1":"value 1"},"field name 2":{"match 2":"value 2"},...}],[{"":"Index name"|null}]}</pd>
              </plentry>
            </parml></pd>
        </plentry>        
      </parml>
      <note>
        <p>
          <ul>
            <li>"update" does not support this version of the table partitioning key(ShardingKey) segment updates, if you include the 
            partition key update operations to weed out automatically update the partition key, but other fields update to take effect, 
            and no error occurs.</li>
          </ul>
        </p>
      </note>
    </section>    
    <section>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>Update all the records according to the updating rule. That's to say, we merely set the
        value of "rule", but not "cond" or "hint".</p>
      <p><codeblock>db.foo.bar.update({$inc:{age:1}})</codeblock></p>
      <p>This operation updates the field "age" in collection "bar" by adding 1 to the value of
      "age".</p>
      <p>Select records that match the condition. Update these records according to update rules
        by setting the values of "rule" and "cond". </p>
      <p><codeblock>db.foo.bar.update({$unset:{age:""}},{age:{$exists:1},name:{$exists:0}})</codeblock></p>
      <p>This operation will update records that contains the field "age" but not the field
      "name" in collection "bar" and delete the field "age" in these records.</p>
      <p>Update records according to visiting plan, supposing that the collection contains the
        specified index name.</p>
      <codeblock>db.foo.bar.update({$inc:{age:1}},{age:{$gt:20}},{"":"testIndex"})></codeblock>
      <p>This operation visit records that contains the value of "age" greater than 20 in the
        collection "bar" through the index "testIndex". Add 1 to the field of "age".</p>
    </section>
  </body>
  <related-links>
    <link href="cl.listIndexes.dita" format="dita" type="topic"></link>
    <link href="cl.upsert.dita" format="dita" type="topic"></link>
  </related-links>
</topic>
