<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_zg5_cff_5n">
  <title>db.backupOffline()</title>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>NAME</title>
      <p>backupOffline - Backup Database.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SYNOPSIS</title>
      <p></p><apiname>db.backupOffline</apiname>(<parmname>[options]</parmname>)
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>CATEGORY</title>
      <p></p>Sequoiadb
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>DESCRIPTION</title> 
      <p>Backup Database.</p>
      <parml>        
        <plentry>
          <pt>options (json object)</pt>
          <pd>Set the ReplicaGroup, specify the ReplicaGroup, backup and other parameters.
            <parml>
              <plentry>
                <pt>GroupID</pt>
                <pd>Backup ReplicaGroup ID specified, the default is all ReplicaGroup.</pd>
                <pd>GroupID:1000 or GroupID:[1000, 1001]</pd>
              </plentry>
              <plentry>
                <pt>GroupName</pt>
                <pd>Backup ReplicaGroup name is specified, the default is all ReplicaGroup.</pd>
                <pd>GroupName:"data1" or GroupName:["data1", "data2"]</pd>
              </plentry>
              <plentry>
                <pt>Name</pt>
                <pd>Backup name, default "YYYY-MM-DD-HH:mm:SS" Backup name time format.</pd>
                <pd>Name:"backup-2014-1-1"</pd>
              </plentry>
              <plentry>
                <pt>Path</pt>
                <pd>Backup path, the default configuration parameters for the specified backup path.The path supports wildcards (%g/%G: group name, %h/%H: host name, %s/%S:service name).</pd>
                <pd>Path:"/opt/sequoiadb/backup/%g"</pd>
              </plentry>
              <plentry>
                <pt>IsSubDir</pt>
                <pd>The above Path configuration parameter configuration parameters are specified for the backup path subdircetory, the default is false.</pd>
                <pd>IsSubDir:false</pd>
              </plentry>
              <plentry>
                <pt>Prefix</pt>
                <pd>Backup prefix, support wildcards (%g,%G,%h,%H,%s,%S), The default is empty.</pd>
                <pd>Prefix:"%g_bk_"</pd>
              </plentry>
              <plentry>
                <pt>EnableDataDir</pt>
                <pd>Date subdirectories feature is turned on, if the current date is automatically rurned on create a subdirectory "YYYY-MM-DD", the default according to false</pd>
                <pd>EnableDataDir:false</pd>
              </plentry>
              <plentry>
                <pt>Description</pt>
                <pd>Backup description</pd>
                <pd>Description:"First backup"</pd>
              </plentry>
              <plentry>
                <pt>EnsureInc</pt>
                <pd>Whether to open an incremental backup, the default is false.</pd>
                <pd>EnsureInc:false</pd>
              </plentry>
              <plentry>
                <pt>OverWrite</pt>
                <pd>Backup is covered with the same name exists, the default is false.</pd>
                <pd>OverWrite:false</pd>
              </plentry>
            </parml>
          </pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>      
    </section>    
    <section>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The entire database full backup.</p>
      <codeblock>db.backupOffline({Name:"FullBackup1"})</codeblock>
    </section>
  </body>  
</topic>
