<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_knp_ytc_tn">
  <title>db.createCS()</title>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>NAME</title>
      <p>createCS - Create a collection space in a database instance.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SYNOPSIS</title>
      <p></p><apiname>db.createCS</apiname>(<parmname>name</parmname>,<parmname>[pageSize]</parmname>)
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>CATEGORY</title>
      <p></p>Sequoiadb
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>DESCRIPTION</title> 
      <p>Create a collection space in a database instance.</p>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>name (string)</pt>
          <pd>Collection space name. Collection space names should be unique to each other in a database object.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>pageSize (int)</pt>
          <pd>Size of data page. The default value is 65536B.
            <parml>
              <plentry>
                <pt>Format</pt>
                <pd>Users can create a collection space with 2 parameters: name and pageSize.The parameter "name" is in the type of string. The parameter "pageSize" is in the type of 32-bit integer.</pd>
                <pd>("&lt;collection space name>",[pagesize])</pd>
              </plentry>
            </parml>
          </pd>          
        </plentry>        
      </parml>      
      <note>
        <ul><li>The parameter "name" should not be null string. It should not contain "." or "$". The length of it should not be greater than 127B.</li>
          <li>Collection space names should be unique to each other in a database object.</li>
          <li>When creating a collection space, users can specify the size of data page. It is unchangable afterward. The default value of it is 65536B.</li>
        </ul></note>
    </section>    
    <section>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>Create a collection space named "foo" without specifying the size of data page.</p>
      <codeblock>db.createCS("foo")</codeblock>
      <p>Create a collection space named "foo" and specify the size of data page as 1024.</p>
      <codeblock>db.createCS("foo",1024)</codeblock>
    </section>
  </body>
  <related-links>    
    <link href="dropCS" format="dita" type="topic"></link>
  </related-links>
</topic>
