<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_bqt_3d2_5n">
  <title>db.createProcedure()</title>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>NAME</title>
      <p>createProcedure - Create a stored procedure in the database instance.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SYNOPSIS</title>
      <p></p>
      <apiname>db.createProcedure</apiname>(<parmname>&lt;code></parmname>)
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>CATEGORY</title>
      <p></p>Sequoiadb
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>DESCRIPTION</title> 
      <p>Create a stored procedure in the database instance.</p>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>code (Custom Functions)</pt>
          <pd>Standard function definition, not a string type, iquotation marks cannot be used when inputting parameters.
            <parml>
              <plentry>
                <pt>Format</pt>
                <pd>createProcedure() has a parameter "code" which is a standard function definition.</pd>
                <pd>createProcedure(&lt;code>)</pd>
              </plentry>
            </parml>
          </pd>          
        </plentry>        
      </parml>
      <ul>
        <li>Recommend to directly use the database instance initialized during the stored procedure, for example: <b>db.createProcedure( function getAll(){return
          db.foo.bar.find();} )</b> . But if authentication is required, the global database will fail. A new database instance need to be initialized.</li>
        <li>Database initialization is in the form of: <b>var db=new Sdb()</b>. If user name and password are needed, it will be: <b>var db=new Sdb('usrname','passwd')</b>. 
          Note that the stored procedure can only run on its own connected database, it does not support remote connection methods with other databases. In the case that authentication is not required, <b>var db = new Sdb('hostname', 'servicename')</b> can still execute successfully, the returned database is still the local database.</li>
        <li>Database's role must be a coord node. Standalone mode cannot support procedure function.</li>
        </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Function definition</title>
      <ul>
        <li><p>Function definition</p>
          <p>1. Function must contain the function name. It cannot be usedin the following form <b>function(x,y){return x+y;}</b></p>
          <p>2. Other functions or even inexistent functions can be called in the function definition. But it should be ensured that all the functions are existent during runtime.</p>
          <p>3. The function name should be globally unique and overload is not supported. </p>
          <p>4. Each fuction is available in the whole system. Delete a procedure without proper check may lead to run time exceptions of other people.</p></li>
        <li>Function's parameters <p>native type of JS</p></li>
        <li>Function's outputs <p>Functions for all standard output, standard error will be masked. And the uses of output commands are not recommended in the function definitions. Too much output may lead to a failure during the running of stored procedure.</p></li>
        <li>Function's returned values <p>Function's returned values can be any data type except for a database. For example: <b>function getCL(){return db.foo.bar;}</b></p></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p></p>Create a sum function:
      <codeblock>db.createProcedure(function sum(x,y){return x+y;})</codeblock>
      Once the function is created, db.listProcedures() can be used to check the information of the functions.
    </section>
  </body>
  <related-links>
    <link href="db.listProcedures.dita" format="dita" type="topic"></link>
    <link href="db.removeProcedure.dita" format="dita" type="topic"></link>    
  </related-links>
</topic>
