<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_sj1_q1f_5n">
  <title>db.eval()</title>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>NAME</title>
      <p>eval - According need to fill javaScript statement.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SYNOPSIS</title>
      <p></p>
      <apiname>db.eval</apiname>(<parmname>&lt;code></parmname>)
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>CATEGORY</title>
      <p></p>Sequoiadb
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>DESCRIPTION</title> 
      <p>According need to fill javaScript statement. Meanwhile you can a stored procedure in the statement has been created good.</p>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>code (string)</pt>
          <pd>JavaScript statement or stored procedure to create a good function.</pd>          
        </plentry>        
      </parml>
      <ul>
        <li>In accordance with the statement executed successfully return results. The return value can be directly assigned to another variable. Eg: <b>var a = db.eval(' db.foo.bar'); a.find(); </b></li>
        <li>fails returns an error code and error message. Such as: <b>{ "errmsg": "(nofile):1 ReferenceError: sum is not defined","retCode": -152 } </b></li>
        <li>Operation does not return before the end of the function execution. Dropouts terminated throughout the implementation, but the code has been executed will not be rolled back.</li>
        <li>Customize the length of the return value of a certain limit, the reference SequoiaDB insert records maximum length.</li>
        <li>Define the temporary support functions, such as: <b>db.eval(' function sum(x,y){return x+y;} sum(1,2)')</b></li>
        <li>Global db usage and createProcedure same.</li>
      </ul>
      <note>While all the output statement will be shielded, but it is recommended not to join any print statements.</note>
    </section>    
    <section>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p></p>Call a stored procedure function sum in the eval() method.
      <codeblock>//Initial sum() method does not exist, return exception information.
> var a = db.eval('sum(1,2)');
{ "errmsg": "(nofile):1 ReferenceError: getCL is not defined
", "retCode": -152 }
(nofile):0 uncaught exception: -152
//Initialization sum()
>db.createProcedure(function sum(x,y){return x+y;})
//Call the sum()
>db.eval('sum(1,2)')
3</codeblock>
      <p>Fill javaScript statement eval() method</p>
      <codeblock>>var rc = db.eval("db.foo.bar")
>rc.find()
{
  "_id": {
    "$oid": "5248d3867159ae144a000000"
  },
  "a": 1
}
{
  "_id": {
    "$oid": "5248d3897159ae144a000001"
  },
  "a": 2
}...</codeblock>
    </section>
  </body>
  <related-links>
    <link href="db.listProcedures.dita" format="dita" type="topic"></link>    
  </related-links>
</topic>
