<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_zsn_mwr_kr">
  <title>db.forceStepUp()</title>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>NAME</title>
      <p>forceStepUp - In a replica group that doesn't satisfy the requirement of re-election, upgrade a slave node to a master node by force.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SYNOPSIS</title>
      <p></p><apiname>db.forceStepUp</apiname>(<parmname>[options]</parmname>)
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>CATEGORY</title>
      <p></p>Sequoiadb
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>DESCRIPTION</title> 
      <p>In a replica group that doesn't satisfy the requirement of re-election, upgrade a slave node to a master node by force.</p>
      <parml>        
        <plentry>
          <pt>options (json object)</pt>
          <pd>Parameter collection
            <parml>
              <plentry>
                <pt>Seconds</pt>
                <pd>Time limit of upgrading the slave node to master.</pd>                
              </plentry>              
            </parml>
          </pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <note>
        <ul><li>This function is only available in Catalog group.</li>
          <li>The target replica group must not having a master node, and LSN of the node to upgrade must larger than all other nodes.</li>
          <li>If there is no operation until the time limit, all nodes will follow the normal rule to re-elect a master node automatically.</li>
          <li>If you created a user but can't connect the master Catalog node directly, you can set off the authorization (parameter "auth") of Catalog, then do the operation again.</li>          
        </ul></note>      
    </section>    
    <section>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>Connect Catalog node (host1:30000), and upgrade it to master node by force, time limit is 300s.</p>
      <codeblock>var db = new Sdb("host1", 30000) ;
db.forceStepUp({Seconds:300});</codeblock>
    </section>
  </body>  
</topic>