<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_5xv_hr5_sr">
  <title>query.update()</title>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>NAME</title>
      <p>update - update the queried document set.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SYNOPSIS</title>
      <p></p><apiname>query.skip</apiname>(<parmname>&lt;update></parmname>,<parmname>[returnNew]</parmname>)
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>CATEGORY</title>
      <p></p>Query
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>DESCRIPTION</title> 
      <p>update the queried document set.</p>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>update (json)</pt>
          <pd>update rule, document will be update by it.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>returnNew (bool)</pt>
          <pd>set true if want to return updated document.        
            <parml>
              <plentry>
                <pt>Format</pt>
                <pd>The parameter 'update' is same with parameter 'rule' of SdbCollection.update(). see [db.collectionspace.collection.update()]. The parameter 'returnnew' is optional, default is false. when set it as true, the query will return updated document rather than original.</pd>                
              </plentry>
            </parml></pd>
        </plentry>        
      </parml>       
    </section>    
    <section>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>query from collection 'bar' where age is large than 10, and increase field 'age' by 1 for documents satified the condition.</p>
      <codeblock>db.foo.bar.find({age:{$gt:10}}).update({$inc:{age:1}})</codeblock>     
    </section>
    <note>
      <p>can not be called simultaneously with query.count(), query.remove().</p>
      <p>sorting must use index when called with query.sort() in a single node.</p>
      <p>query must be ensured to run in a single node or a singe sub-collection when query.update() is called simultaneously with query.limit() or query.skip() in cluster.</p>
    </note>
  </body>  
</topic>
