<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="administration_database_runtime">
	<title>Database Runtime Configurtion</title>
	<body>
		<section>
			<title>Parameter Instruction</title>
			<simpletable>
				<!--id="runtime_table" frame="all" relcolwidth="1.43* 1.0*1.18*11.41*"-->
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Parameter Name</stentry>
					<stentry>Acronym</stentry>
					<stentry>Type</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--help</stentry>
					<stentry>-h</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>Print help information</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--dbpath</stentry>
					<stentry>-d</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the path of data file.&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default path is current path.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--indexpath</stentry>
					<stentry>-i</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the path of index file&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default path is the same with &apos;dbpath&apos;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--confpath</stentry>
					<stentry>-c</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. Specified configuration file path (doesn&apos;t contain fiel name). The system will find under confpath.&#10;             2. contains necessary configuration items. The format of a configuration item is &quot;parameter name=value&quot; like &quot;svcname=11810&quot; and &quot;diaglevel=3&quot;.&#10;             3. If this parameter is not specified, system will automatically search for sdb.conf in current path.&#10;             4. There may not be sdb.conf.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--logpath</stentry>
					<stentry>-l</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. Synchronous log files will be created when replication node does full sync. This parameter is used to specified the path of  synchronous log file.&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default path is &quot;Data file path/replicalog&quot;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--diagpath</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the catalog of diagnostic log. &#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default path is &quot;Data file path/diaglog&quot;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--auditpath</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the catalog of audit log. &#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default path is &quot;Data file path/diaglog&quot;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--diagnum</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the number of diagnostic log file. &#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default 20; -1 means unlimited.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--auditnum</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the number of audit log file. &#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default 20; -1 means unlimited.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--bkuppath</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the catalog of backup file.&#10;              2. If it is not specified, the default path is &quot;Data file path/bakfile&quot;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--maxpool</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the amount of thread in thread pool.&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default value is 20, value range is [0,10000].</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--svcname</stentry>
					<stentry>-p</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies local service port.&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default value are 11810 for coord, 11800 for catalog, 11820 for datanode.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--replname</stentry>
					<stentry>-r</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies data synch port.&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default value is &quot;svcname+1&quot;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--shardname</stentry>
					<stentry>-a</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies shard port.&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default value is &quot;svcname+2&quot;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--catalogname</stentry>
					<stentry>-x</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies catalog port.&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default value is &quot;svcname+3&quot;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--httpname</stentry>
					<stentry>-s</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies http port.&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default value is &quot;svcname+4&quot;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--diaglevel</stentry>
					<stentry>-v</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the print level of diagnostic log. Diagnostic log in sequoiaDB, 0-5 respectively represent: SEVERE, ERROR, EVENT,WARNING, INFO, DEBUG.&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default value is &quot;WARNING&quot;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--auditmask</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the mask of audit log. Audit type in sequoiaDB as follow: ACCESS,CLUSTER,SYSTEM,DML,DDL,DCL,DQL,INSERT,DELETE,UPDATE,OTHER.&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default value is &quot;SYSTEM|DDL|DCL&quot;. ALL enable all mask, NONE disable all mask</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--role</stentry>
					<stentry>-o</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies serving role. In sequoiaDB, &quot;data/coord/catalog/standalone&quot; represents &quot;data node/coord node/catalog node/stand-alone machine&quot;.&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default value is &quot;standalone&quot;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--catalogaddr</stentry>
					<stentry>-t</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the address of catalog node. The format is &quot;hostname1:catalogname1,hostname2:catalogname2,...&quot;.&#10;             2. It should specify address of at least one catalog.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--logfilesz</stentry>
					<stentry>-f</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the size of sync log file. It is between 64(MB) and 2048(MB).&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default value is 64 (MB).</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--logfilenum</stentry>
					<stentry>-n</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the amount of synchronous log file.&#10;              2. If it is not specified, the default value is 20.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--transactionon</stentry>
					<stentry>-e</stentry>
					<stentry>boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies whether transaction turns on or not.&#10;             2. If it is not specifed, the default value is false.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--transactiontimeout</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>Timeout of waiting the transaction-lock(in second), default:60, value range:[0,3600]</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--numpreload</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The number of pre-loaders, default:0, value range:[0,100]</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--maxprefpool</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The maximum number of prefetchers, default:0, value range:[0,1000]</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--maxreplsync</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The maximum number of repl-sync threads, default:10, value range:[0, 200], 0:disable concurrent repl-sync</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--logbuffsize</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The number of pages ( in 64KB ) for replica log memory ( default:1024, value range:[512,1024000] ), the size should be smaller than log space</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--tmppath</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>The path of temp files, default is &apos;dbpath&apos;+&apos;/tmp&apos;</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--sortbuf</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>Size of the sorting buf(MB), default:256, min value:128</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--hjbuf</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>Size of the hash join buf(MB), default:128, min value:64</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--syncstrategy</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>The control strategy of data sync in repl group, value enumeration: none,keepnormal,keepall, default:keepnormal.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--preferedinstance</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the instance on which to query.&#10;             2. If it is not specifed, the default value is A.&#10;             3. value enum:&#10;                    M--read and write instance,&#10;                    S--read only instance,&#10;                    A--any instance,&#10;                    1-7--the nth instance</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--lobpath</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the catalog of lob. &#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default path is &quot;Data file path&quot;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--directioinlob</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>Open direct io in large object, if it is not specified, the default value is &quot;false&quot;</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--sparsefile</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>Extend the file as a sparse file, if it is not specified, the default value is &quot;true&quot;</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--weight</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The weight of election, default is 10, range [1, 100]</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--usessl</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>Allow client to connect with SSL (enterprise edition only), default false</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--auth</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>Enable authentication. default is true</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--arbiter</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>Set node as an arbiter only. Default is false.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--planbuckets</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The buckets of access plan cache. Sdb will not cache any access plan if it is zero</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--optimeout</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The timeout period for heartbeat in each operation ( in ms ), default:300000, 0 for no-timeout</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--overflowratio</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The overflow ratio(%) of record when inserting, default is 12, value range:[0,10000]</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--omaddr</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies the address of om node. The format is &quot;hostname:omservicename&quot;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--maxcachesize</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The node&apos;s max cache size, unit is MB, default is 0</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--maxcachejob</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>1.The maximum number of cache threads, default:10, value range:[2, 200].&#10;             2.Cache threads will synchronize the dirty pages to file, and drop the invalid pages.&#10;             3.Cache threads auto start and exit according to the cache workload.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--maxsyncjob</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>1.The maximum number of data-sync threads, default:10, value range:[2, 200].&#10;             2.Data-sync threads will synchronize the dirty data to file.&#10;             3.Data-sync threads auto start and exit according to the workload.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--syncinterval</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The interval times(unit:ms) of data-sync, default:10000, 0 means disable data-sync by time</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--syncrecordnum</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The trigger condition of record number of data-sync, default:0, 0 means disable data-sync by record</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--syncdeep</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>1. It specifies whether deep mode turns on or not in data-sync.&#10;             2. If it is not specifed, the default value is false.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--archiveon</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>Turn on replica log archive, defalut false.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--archivecompresson</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>boolean</stentry>
					<stentry>Turn on replica log archive compression, defalut true.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--archivepath</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>str</stentry>
					<stentry>1. This parameter is used to specified the path of archive log file.&#10;             2. If it is not specified, the default path is &quot;Data file path/archivelog&quot;.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--archivetimeout</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The timeout period for no archive in each operation ( in seconds ), default:600, 0 for no-timeout.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--archiveexpired</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The expired time for archive log file ( in hours ), default:240, 0 for no-expired.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>--archivequota</stentry>
					<stentry>--</stentry>
					<stentry>num</stentry>
					<stentry>The quota for archive log directory ( in GB ), default:10, 0 for no limit.</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
			<note>
				<p>SequoiaDB supports setting configuration with command line,configuration file, or both of them. When both of them are used, parameters in command line will overwrite those in configuration file.</p>
				<p>The total size of synch log (logfilesz * logfilenum)determines the fault tolerance in the process of sync. If log is bigger, the possiblity of full sync is lower.</p>
			</note>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
