<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_xwd_kfy_wj">
  <title>Software Requirement</title>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>Linux System requirement</title>
      <ul>
        <li>System configuration requirement <p/><simpletable>
            <sthead>
              <stentry>Configuration Item</stentry>
              <stentry>Configuration method</stentry>
              <stentry>Verification method</stentry>
            </sthead>
            <strow>
              <stentry>Set hostname</stentry>
              <stentry>
                <ul>
                  <li>Log in the system in the role of root, open "/etc/hosts" with the command "vi
                    /etc/hosts"</li>
                  <li>Change hostname as follow: <p>  Change "127.0.0.1   localhost " </p><p>  into
                      "127.0.0.1   localhost sdbserver1". (Here, "sdbserver1" is the hostname)
                    </p></li>
                  <li>Save and exit </li>
                </ul>
              </stentry>
              <stentry>Check with "ping sdbserver1". </stentry>
            </strow>
            <strow>
              <stentry>
                Enable server nodes to visit each other through hostname
              </stentry>
              <stentry>
                <ul>
                  <li>Log in the system in the role of root, open "/etc/hosts" with the command "vi
                    /etc/hosts"</li>
                  <li> Alter "/etc/hosts", set the mapping between hostname of server node and IP in
                    this file.<p> 192.168.20.200  sdbserver1</p><p> 192.168.20.201 
                      sdbserver2</p><p> 192.168.20.202  sdbserver3</p></li>
                  <li>3 .Save and exit</li>
                </ul>
              </stentry>
              <stentry>Check with "ping sdbserver2"</stentry>
            </strow>
        </simpletable></li>
        <li><p>关闭防火墙</p> <p/><simpletable>
          <sthead>
            <stentry>配置项 </stentry>
            <stentry>配置方法</stentry>
            <stentry>验证方法</stentry>
          </sthead>
          <strow/>
          <strow>
            <stentry> 关闭防火墙</stentry>
            <stentry>关闭防火墙操作，需要管理员权限。<p></p><ul>
              <li>对于SUSE：<p>1.SuSEfirewall2 stop；</p>
                <p>2.chkconfig SuSEfirewall2_setup；</p></li>
              <li>对于RedHat：<p>1.service iptables stop；</p><p>2.chkconfig iptables off；</p> </li>
              <li>对于Ubuntu：<p>1.ufw disable；</p></li>
            </ul></stentry>
            <stentry><ul>
              <li>对于SUSE：<p> chkconfig -list | grep fire；</p>
              </li>
              <li>对于RedHat：<p>service iptables status；</p> </li>
              <li>对于Ubuntu：<p>ufw status；</p></li>
            </ul></stentry>
          </strow>          
          <strow/>
        </simpletable></li>
      </ul>
      <note>Each database server should be configured.</note>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Recommended configuration in Linux</title>
      <ul>
        <li>Adjusting ulimit<p>modify the configuration file "/etc/security/limits.conf
              ":</p><codeblock>#&lt;domain>      &lt;type>    &lt;item>     &lt;value>
*               soft      core       0
*               soft      data       unlimited
*               soft      fsize      unlimited
*               soft      rss        unlimited
*               soft      as         unlimited</codeblock><p><b>Params
              Description：</b></p><p><b>core</b>：the "core" file is generated as the time of
            database failure to troubleshooting.,you had better close the system for
              advice.</p><p><b>data</b>：The size of data memory that database processes allow to
            allocate.</p><p><b> fsize</b>：The size of file that database processes allow to address. </p><p>
            <b>rss</b>：The max size of resident set that database processes allowed.
              </p><p><b>as</b>：The max amount of virtual memory addressing space that database
                processes allowed. </p><note><p>1.Each database server should be configured.</p><p>2.It need to
              relogin after changing to be effective.</p></note></li>
        <li>Adjusting kernel params <p>1.Using the following command to output the current
            configuration of vm,and be placed on file.
          </p><codeblock>cat /proc/sys/vm/swappiness
cat /proc/sys/vm/dirty_ratio
cat /proc/sys/vm/dirty_background_ratio
cat /proc/sys/vm/dirty_expire_centisecs
cat /proc/sys/vm/vfs_cache_pressure
cat /proc/sys/vm/min_free_kbytes</codeblock>
          2.Adding the following params to the file of "/etc/sysctl.conf" to adjust kernel params.
            <codeblock>vm.swappiness = 0
vm.dirty_ratio = 100
vm.dirty_background_ratio = 10
vm.dirty_expire_centisecs = 50000
vm.vfs_cache_pressure = 200
vm.min_free_kbytes =  &lt;8% of physical memory size,unit is KB> </codeblock><note>When
            the available physical memory size of database isn't enough 8GB,doesn't need to set
            "vm.swappiness = 0".</note> 3. Executing the following command to be
            effective.<codeblock>/sbin/sysctl -p</codeblock><note>Each database server should be
            configured.</note></li>
        <li>Database directory structure<p>The users had better put the directory of data,index,and
            log in different physical disks,to reduce the competition between sequential I/O and
            random I/O.</p></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
