
##NAME##

traceOff -  Turn off the database engine program tracking and export tracking results to binary files.

##SYNOPSIS##

***db.traceOff( \<dumpFile\>, [isDumpLocal] )***

##CATEGORY##

Sdb

##DESCRIPTION##

Turn off the database engine program tracking and export tracking results to binary files.

##PARAMETERS##

| Name 		    | Type    	| Default      | Description 				|     Required or not 	|
| ------ 		| ------ 	| ------ 	   | ------ 			        | ------------------    |
| dumpFile 		| string 	| -            | File name of the dump      | Required	            |
| isDumpLocal   | boolean 	| false        | Whether to save the binary dump file to the client's local machine. | not 		|


> **Note:**
>
> 1. The parameter `dumpFile` can be set to an empty string, which disables the database engine tracing feature without exporting the binary file. If a relative path is specified, the file will be stored in the `diagpath` directory under the data directory of the corresponding node.
>
> 2. The file generated by `traceOff` will be saved by default on the remote node's host. If the parameter `isDumpLocal` is set to true, the file will be saved locally on the client.


##RETURN VALUE##

On success, return void.

On error, exception will be thrown.

##ERRORS##

when exception happen, use [getLastError()][getLastError] to get the [error code][Sequoiadb_error_code]  and use [getLastErrMsg()][getLastErrMsg] to get detail error message. For more detial, please  reference to [Troubleshooting][faq].

##EXAMPLES##

* Turn off the database engine program tracking and export tracking results to binary   files, /opt/sequoiadb/trace.dump.

```lang-javascript
> db.traceOff("/opt/sequoiadb/trace.dump")
```

* Using [traceFmt()][traceFmt] to analysis the binary file.

```lang-javascript
> traceFmt( 0, "/opt/sequoiadb/trace.dump", "/opt/sequoiadb/trace_output" )
```

[^_^]:
    All references and links used in this document
[getLastErrMsg]:manual/Manual/Sequoiadb_Command/Global/getLastErrMsg.md
[getLastError]:manual/Manual/Sequoiadb_Command/Global/getLastError.md
[faq]:manual/FAQ/faq_sdb.md
[Sequoiadb_error_code]:manual/Manual/Sequoiadb_error_code.md
[traceFmt]:manual/Manual/Sequoiadb_Command/Global/traceFmt.md