<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_jjh_wls_kr">
  <title>Network Security</title>
  <body>
    <p>SequoiaDB supports SSL by setting. SequoiaDB client and SequoiaDB instance can use SSL to encrypt the connection directly.</p>
    <section>
      <title>SequoiaDB Security Support</title>
      <p>If you want to use SSL encrypted connection, you need to update to SequoiaDB 1.12 or later versions.</p>
      <p>And this feature is only available for enterprises users, not included in community version.</p>     
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Client Support</title>
      <p>All official supported client will support SSL, including C, C++, Java, Python, C#, PHP, REST API and SDB Shell.</p>     
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Configure SequoiaDB to Use SSL</title>
      <p>When installing and deploying, activate SequoiaDB SSL supporting by modify parameter:</p>
      <p>--usessl, Default value is false, activate SSL with value of true. Then it will allow client connecting with SSL, and also accept non-SSL connections at the same time.</p>
      <p><codeblock>sequoiadb --usessl=true</codeblock></p>
      <p>Also, it can use configuration file to configure, see in <xref href="../../../administration/database/topics/runtime_configuration_en.dita">database configuration</xref>.</p>
      <p>SequoiaDB will automatically create certification under SSL mode.</p>      
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Client Using SSL</title>
      <p>Client must incorporate with SequoiaDB under SSL mode to use SSL. All official supported client will support SSL.</p>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>C</p>
          <p>C driver port uses sdbSecureConnect() and sdbSecureConnect1() to create SSL connection, operation is like sdbConnect() and sdbConenct1()</p>
          <p>See in <xref href="../../../developement/application/C/topics/c_en.dita">C Driver</xref>。</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>C++</p>
          <p>In C++ driver class, sdb constructor has parameter useSSL, when it equals true, SSL is activated.</p>
          <p>See in C++ <xref href="../../../developement/application/CPP/topics/cpp_en.dita">C++ Driver</xref>。</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Java</p>
          <p>In Java driver class, com.sequoiadb.net.ConfigOptionshas interface setUseSSL(Boolean useSSL). When it is true, it use SSL connection.</p>
          <p>See in <xref href="../../../developement/application/java/topics/java_en.dita">Java Driver</xref>。</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Python</p>
          <p>In Python driver client constructor has a optional parameter ssl, when set as true, SSL will be activated.</p>
          <p>See in <xref href="../../../developement/application/python/topics/python_en.dita">Python Driver</xref>。</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>C#</p>
          <p>In C# driver class, SequoiaDB.ConfigOptions has property of UseSSL, set as true to use SSL connection.</p>
          <p>See in <xref href="../../../developement/application/CS/topics/cs_en.dita">C# Driver</xref>。</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>PHP</p>
          <p>In PHP driver, there is a class named SecureSdb which is sub-class of SequoiaDB, object of SecureSdb uses SSL to connect.</p>
          <p>See in <xref href="../../../developement/application/PHP/topics/php_en.dita">PHP Driver</xref>。</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>REST API</p>
          <p>REST API supports https.</p>
          <p>See in <xref href="../../../developement/application/REST/topics/rest_en.dita">REST API</xref>。</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Sdb shell</p>
          <p>Sdb shell has a shared class SecureSdb, and it is sub-class of Sdb。Object of SecureSdb uses SSL to connect.</p>
          <p>See in <xref href="../../../developement/console/topics/console_en.dita">SequoiaDB shell</xref>。</p>
        </li>
      </ul>          
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SequoiaDB Tools Support</title>      
      <p>Sdbexprt,sdbimprt, sdblobtool, sdbtop supports SSL connection, see in <xref href="../../../administration/database/database_tool/topics/database_tool_en.dita">DataBase Tool</xref>。</p>        
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
