<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="database_export">
  <title>Data Migration — Export</title>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>sdbexprt</title>
      <p>sdbexprt is a practical tool, it can export a JSON format or a CSV format data stored file
        from SequoiaDB database .</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Options</title>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Param</stentry>
          <stentry>Description</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry>--help</stentry>
          <stentry>return the basic help and usage information.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>--hostname,-h</stentry>
          <stentry>export data from Sequoiadb of the specified hostname.In default,the
              <b>sdbexprt</b> try to connect to local hostname. </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            --svcname,-s
          </stentry>
          <stentry>specify port.In default,the <b>sdbexprt</b> try to connect to the host which port
            number is 11810.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>--user,-u
          </stentry>
          <stentry>database username.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>--password,-w
          </stentry>
          <stentry>database password.</stentry>
        </strow>        
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            --delchar,-a
          </stentry>
          <stentry>specify the charcater separator.The default is ","csv" formats. </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            --delfield,-e
          </stentry>
          <stentry>specify the field delimiter. "," is default, "csv" formats.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            --delrecord,-r
          </stentry>
          <stentry>specify the record delimiter."\n" is default.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            --fields
          </stentry>
          <stentry>specify one or more field names to export,separated by commas(,). </stentry>
        </strow>        
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            --csname,-c
          </stentry>
          <stentry>specify the collectionspace name of exported data.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            --clname,-l
          </stentry>
          <stentry>specify the collectionspace of exported data. </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>--hasoid,-i
          </stentry>
          <stentry>指定是否导出字段_id，默认true，json格式有效。</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            --fields
          </stentry>
          <stentry>specify one or more field names to export,separated by commas(,). </stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>--fieldincluded
          </stentry>
          <stentry>指定是否导出字段名到csv首行，默认 true，csv格式有效。</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            --file
          </stentry>
          <stentry>specify the name of file want to export.</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry>
            --type
          </stentry>
          <stentry>specify the format of export data.It can be CSV or JSON.</stentry>
        </strow>        
      </simpletable>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Usage</title>
      <p>In the following sample,sdbexport will export data from the local database which port is
        11810, and collectionspace name is <i>foo</i>,collection name is<i> bar</i>,and export type
        is csv,export file name is<i> contact</i>,export field are <i>field1</i> and
        <i>field2</i>.</p>
      <codeblock>sdbexprt -h localhost –s 11810 –-type csv –-file contace --fields field1,field2 –c foo –l bar</codeblock>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
