<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="application_java_driver">
  <title>Java Development Foundation</title>
  <body>
    <p>This page is a brief introduction to java driver of Sequoiadb. Please refer to <xref
      href="..\..\..\..\java\html\index.html" format="html">Java API</xref> for more.</p>
    <p>It is easy to use java driver. Firstly, download Java driver jar package "sequoiadb.jar".
      Then, import it to your project and use relative API.</p>
    <p>The following program samples can be found in the catalog "com.sequoiadb.examples" in
      "smaples".</p>
    <section>
      <title>Create connection</title>
      <p>In order to connect to SequoiaDB, we need at least one database name. If there's no
        database name, SequoiaDB will automatically generate one. Additionally, we should specify
        the server address and port. Here are 3 ways of connecting database</p>
         <codeblock> // the database server address, IP:PORT
 String connString = "192.168.20.111:40000";
 Sequoiadb sdb = null;
 // connect to specifical db, may cause some baseException, e.g. Network error
 try {
 	sdb = new Sequoiadb(connString, "username", "password");
 // or
 //	sdb = new Sequoiadb("username", "password");//Default connecting approach: local 50000 port
 // or
 //	sdb = new Sequoiadb("IP", port, "username", "password");
 } catch (BaseException e) {
 	System.out.println("Failed to connect to database: " + connString + ", error description" + e.getErrorType());
 	e.printStackTrace();
 	System.exit(1);
 }       </codeblock>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Get collection space</p>
           <codeblock> // create collectionspace, if collectionspace exists get it
 CollectionSpace cs = null;
 if(sdb.isCollectionSpaceExist(Constants.CS_NAME))
 	cs = sdb.getCollectionSpace(Constants.CS_NAME);
 else
 	cs = sdb.createCollectionSpace(Constants.CS_NAME);
 // or sdb.createCollectionSpace(csName, pageSize), need to specify the pageSize
</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Get collection</p>
    <codeblock> // create collection, if collection exists get it
 DBCollection cl = null;
 if(cs.isCollectionExist(Constants.CL_NAME))
  cl = cs.getCollection(Constants.CL_NAME);
 else
  cl = cs.createCollection(Constants.CL_NAME);
 // or cs.createCollection(collectionName, options), create collection with some options</codeblock>
        </li>

      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Insert record</title>
      <p>Once collection object is gained, we can insert data into it or create a BSON Object to
        insert it (String corresponding to BSON structure canbe directly inserted).</p>
  <codeblock>  // inserted data
  BSONObject insertor1 = Constants.createChineseRecord();
  BSONObject insertor2 = Constants.createEnglishRecord();
  List &lt;BSONObject> list = Constants.createNameList(200);
  
  // insert operation
  try {
  insert a Chinese record
  // chinese record
  cl.insert(insertor1);
  
   insert a English record
  // english record
  cl.insert(insertor2);
  
   insert more than one record
  // bulk insert
  cl.bulkInsert(list, DBCollection.FLG_INSERT_CONTONDUP);
  
  System.out.println("Successfully insert records");
  } catch (BaseException e) {
   System.out.println("Failed to insert chinese record, ErrorType = "+ e.getErrorType());
  } catch (Exception e) {
   e.printStackTrace();
   sdb.disconnect();
   System.exit(1);
  }</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Index</title>
        <codeblock>  // create index key, index on attribute 'Id' by ASC(1)/DESC(-1)
  BSONObject key = new BasicBSONObject();
  key.put("Id", 1);
  boolean isUnique = true;
  boolean enforced = true;
  try {
    Create an index
    // you can refer to the API to know more about this method
    cl.createIndex(Constants.INDEX_NAME, key, isUnique, enforced);
    // or
    // cl.createIndex(Constants.INDEX_NAME, "{'Id':1}", isUnique, enforced);
  
    Delete an index
    // drop index
    cl.dropIndex(Constants.INDEX_NAME);
  } catch (BaseException e) {
    e.printStackTrace();
  }</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section><title>Query</title>
      <p>In order to show inserted records, the function find() is used to return a cursor object so
        that we can go through all results in the result set.</p>
    <codeblock>  import com.sequoiadb.base.DBCursor;
  try {
  Get curretn index of Collection. If it is not null, it can be used in a query.
  BSONObject index = null;
  DBCursor indexCursor = cl.getIndex(Constants.INDEX_NAME);
  if (indexCursor.hasNext())
  index = indexCursor.getNext();
  
  We get a Cursor from the query. It is used to go through result set.
  // result cursor
  DBCursor dataCursor = null;   
  
  //Create corrresponding BSON Object. It is used to search for data, including condition (query), domain selection (selector), order rule (orderBy), application of index (index), 
  //the amount of skipped records (0)，the amount of returned record (-1:return all data).
  // query condition
  BSONObject query = new BasicBSONObject();
  BSONObject condition = new BasicBSONObject();
  condition.put("$gte", 0);
  condition.put("$lte", 9);
  query.put("Id", condition);
  // return fields
  BSONObject selector = new BasicBSONObject();
  selector.put("Id", null);
  selector.put("Age", null);
  // order by ASC(1)/DESC(-1)
  BSONObject orderBy = new BasicBSONObject();
  orderBy.put("Id", -1);
  if (index == null)
    dataCursor = cl.query(query, selector, orderBy, null, 0, -1);
    // or
    // dataCursor = cl.query("{'Id':{'$gte':0,'$lte':9}}", "{'Id':null,'Age':null}", "{'Id':-1}", null, 0, -1);
  else
    dataCursor = cl.query(query, selector, orderBy, index, 0, -1);
    // or
    // dataCursor = cl.query("{'Id':{'$gte':0,'$lte':9}}", "{'Id':null,'Age':null}", "{'Id':-1}", index, 0, -1);
  
  //Use Cursor, go through query result set
  // operate data by cursor
  while (dataCursor.hasNext()) {
  System.out.println(dataCursor.getNext());
  }
  // get count by match condition
  long count = cl.getCount(query);
  System.out.println("Get count by condition: " + query+ ", count = " + count);
  
  // see more details about query function in API document
    } catch (BaseException e) {
       e.printStackTrace();
    }</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Delete</title>
       <codeblock>  Create corresponding BSON Object. It is used to specify deleting condition or the String corresponding to it.
  // create the delete condition
  BSONObject condition = new BasicBSONObject();
  condition.put("Id", 0 );
  try {
   cl.delete(condition);
   // if you want to delete all the data in current collection, you can use like: cl.delete(null)
   // or
   // cl.delete("{'Id':0}");
  } catch(BaseException e) {
   System.out.println("Failed to delete data, condition: " + condition);
   e.printStackTrace();
  }
  System.out.println("Delete data successfully");</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Update</title>
       <codeblock>  Create corresponding BSON Object. It is used to specify updating condition or the String corresponding to it.
  // create match condition and modify rule
  BSONObject matcher = new BasicBSONObject();
  BSONObject modifier = new BasicBSONObject();
  BSONObject m = new BasicBSONObject();
  
  matcher.put("Id", 20);
  m.put("Age", 80);
  modifier.put("$set", m);
  
  Update. If there is no matcher conditions, insert this record.
  cl.upsert(matcher, modifier, null);
  // query the updated data from db
  DBCursor cursor = cl.query(matcher, null, null, null);
  if(cursor.hasNext())
   System.out.println(cursor.getNext());</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Disconnect </title>
      <codeblock>   // do not forget to disconnect from db
   sdb.disconnect();</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SQL Statement</title>
   <codeblock>try {
   String csFullName = Constants.SQL_CS_NAME + "." + Constants.SQL_CL_NAME;
   String sql = "";
   
   Create CollectionSpace
   // create collectionspace
   sql = "create collectionspace " + Constants.SQL_CS_NAME;
   sdb.exec(sql);
   
   Create Collection
   // create table
   sql = "create table " + csFullName;
   sdb.execUpdate(sql);
   // insert data into table
   
   Insert data
   sql = "insert into " + csFullName + " (a,b,c)" + " values(1,\"John\",20)";
   sdb.execUpdate(sql);
   
   Search for data
   // select from table
   sql = "select * from " + csFullName;
   DBCursor cursor = sdb.exec(sql);
   while(cursor.hasNext())
     System.out.println(cursor.getNext());
   } catch (BaseException e) {
   e.printStackTrace();
   }</codeblock>
    </section>

  </body>
</topic>
