<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_2ny_sdd_wj">
  <title>Java Driver</title>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>Java Client Interface</title>
      <p>Add jar package in Eclipse: sequoiadb.jar</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Functions by Java Client Interface</title>
      <p>Java client interface provide manipulations including database connection, data inserting,
        deleting, altering and querying, index creating and deleting, collection creating and
        deleting, collection space creating and deleting, etc.</p>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <p>Class sample</p>
          <p>There are 3 degree of data  in SequoiaDB:</p>
          <p>&nbsp;1) Database</p>
          <p>&nbsp;2) Collection space</p>
          <p>&nbsp;3) Collection</p>
          <p>Logically, every collection space in SequoiaDB has no physical upper boundary. Every
            collection space is stored in a stand-alone file. So the amount of collection space
            depends on the size of disk and memory.</p>
          <p>A collection space contains at most 4096 collections. Every collection can contain more
            than one record. In a physical system, the size of a collection space is at most
            256GB.</p>
          <p>Compared with relation database, we can regard record as line in relation database. We
            can regard collection as table in relation database. </p>
          <p>So in client, there are 3 classes representing 3 kinds of objects. The other class
            represents cursor:</p><simpletable>
              <strow>
                <stentry>Sequoiadb </stentry>
                <stentry>Database instance </stentry>
                <stentry>It represents a stand-alone connection </stentry>
              </strow>
              <strow>
                <stentry>CollectionSpace </stentry>
                <stentry>Collection space instance </stentry>
                <stentry>It represents a stand-alone collection space</stentry>
              </strow>
              <strow>
                <stentry>DBCollection</stentry>
                <stentry>Collection instance</stentry>
                <stentry>It represents a stand-alone collection</stentry>
              </strow>
              <strow>
                <stentry>DBCursor</stentry>
                <stentry>Cursor Instance</stentry>
                <stentry>It represents a result set of a query</stentry>
              </strow>
            </simpletable>
            <note>
              <p>1. As for a connection, in its collection space, collections share one socket. So
                in mutiple-thread system, the system should guarantee that the socket can be used
                merely by one thread whenever.</p>
              <p>2. Generally, it is not recommended to manipulate a connection instance and other
                instance, which it generates, with more than threads.</p>
              <p>3. If each thread merely use its own connection instance and other instances it
              generates, it is thread-safe.</p>
            </note>
          
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>Exception</p>
          <p>Every interface may throw com.sequoiadb.exception.BaseException and
            java.lang.Exception, repectively corresponding to exceptions returned by database engine
            and client local exception. The information of BaseException can be read from its
            attributes: errorCode，errorType and errorDescription.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
