<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_xfp_5gq_vp">
  <title>安装 OM 服务</title>
  <body>
    <section>
      <title>Preparation before installation</title>
      <ul>
        <li>Ensure that the system support the requirement of installation, content and disk</li>
        <li>Log in on the role of root to install SequoiaDB database service </li>
        <li>Check the mapping between SequoiaDB package and OS</li>
        <li>If you choose to install through GUI mode, please make sure that X server service is
          running</li>
        <li>Check whether the server has set hostname, and it can generate network connection with
          other servers (For example, ssh hostname)</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <note>SequoiaDB installation wizard doesn't support non-English characters.</note>
    <section>
      <title>Installation steps</title>
      <p><b>Explaination</b></p>
      <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;(1) Here we take sequoiadb-1.0.0-linux-x86_64-installer.run as the sample
        installation package.</p>
      <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;(2) The steps are introduced through command lines. In GUI installation, users
        can install server program accoding to image wizard prompts.</p>
      <note>If there are more than one server, users should repeatedly install server program on them one by one according to the following steps.</note>
      <ul>
        <li><p>Refer <xref href="../../system_require/topics/software_en.dita">System configuration
          requirement </xref> to configure Host Name and change the system kernel params.</p></li>
        <li>Run installation program<p>
          <codeblock>./sequoiadb-1.0.0-linux-x86_64-installer.run --mode text --SMS true</codeblock></p>
          <note>Parameter typeis set to DB by default, when installing OM, type must be set first. Svcname, dbpath and restname , these three parameters only need to be pre-set when installing OM.</note></li>
        <li>The system prompt you to choose wizard language <p>
          <codeblock>Language Selection 
Please select the installation language
[1] English - English       
[2] Simplified Chinese - 简体中文         
Please choose an option [1] :1 </codeblock>
        </p></li>
        <li>Input 1 to choose English, then the system prompt you to input installation catalog
          <p><codeblock>----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Created with an evaluation version of BitRock InstallBuilder

Welcome to the SequoiaDB Server Setup Wizard.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Please specify the directory where SequoiaDB Server will be installed.

Installation Directory [/opt/sequoiadb]:</codeblock>
          </p></li>
        <li>After inputting the installation path(installed in <i>/opt/sequoiadb</i> in default). Then you are prompted to enter a user name which used to run <i>sequoiadb service</i><p>
          <codeblock>Confiture user information
Please insert the desired username and password
User Name [sdbadmin]:</codeblock>
        </p></li>
        <li>Pressing <i>enter</i> after inputting the user name(creating <i>sdbadmin</i> user in
          default). Then system prompts you to enter password and confirmed password
          <p><codeblock>Password [********] :
Re-enter [********] :</codeblock></p></li>
        <li><p>After inputing password twice (The default password is sdbadmin), the system will
          prompt you to set service
          port</p><codeblock>----------------------------------------------------------------------------
SDBCM Port

SequoiaDB Cluster Manager port

Port [11790]:

----------------------------------------------------------------------------</codeblock><note>Service ports of
  all servers should be the same.</note></li>
        <li> Input port (The default port is 11790). The system prompts the user to confirm the installation began.
          <p></p></li>
        <li> Asked whether to allow sequoiadb processes related to boot from the start.
          <codeblock>----------------------------------------------------------------
Whether to allow Sequoiadb related processes related to boot from the start.</codeblock></li>
        <li> Sequoiadb processes related to boot from the start [Y/n]:Y Input Y, press enter, sequoiadb related processes to boot from the start.<p><codeblock>----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Setup is now ready to begin installing SequoiaDB Server on your computer.

Do you want to continue? [Y/n]:</codeblock> </p></li>
        <li><p>Input "Y" and press return key.  Then the system begin to install. After about 1
          minute, installation is finiched</p><p><codeblock>Installing SequoiaDB Server to your computer,please wait for a moment.
Installing 
0% ______________ 50% ______________100%
#########################################
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
SequoiaDB Server Program has been installed to your computer.</codeblock></p></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
